CAPSTONE

Make a shapeshifting entity that is initially a blob that can learn how to shapeshift into different
objects in order to effectively traverse an obstacle course of moving hazards, water, small and large
blocks, etc. It can turn into springs, anvils (for smashing through something once in the air, etc.)

It learns how to navigate them by a continually evolving evolutionary artificial neural network and
perhaps a genetic algorithm of some kind in which it runs through the genetic algorithm in its "head"
BEFORE it executes that way there doesn't need to be a million generations of this thing trying to get
across a gap, it will take its current position, etc., and, in its head, create a hundred generations
or so in order to learn what the best technique would be for it to successfully maneuver the obstacles.
A physics engine would also need to be incorporated so it would be able to know that if it turns into
a smaller spring then it might not be able to jump back up enough as compared to a larger spring that
has more energy. 

Make it either a semi-clear / creamy colored gelatinous mass / blob or a slightly
greenish / clear one. Once it learns how it can shapeshift and can complete courses successfully then
it can begin practicing on new courses that are imported from text files that represent the objects,
their heights, widths, materials (bounciness, water, etc.) Make it so it will also have to learn to
change its color to red, green, yellow, light blue, etc. in order to represent different
temperature / material changes for shapeshifting. Make it a light blue color Genetic algorithm
simulations of how to traverse an obstacle represents coming up with an idea. It doesn’t have to be
100% correct / guaranteed to work but the likelihood of success must surpass a certain percentage
threshold in order for it to be considered good enough to attempt. 

Will need to have access to physics library (obviously) so that it can be able to learn how to move
and have knowledge of calculating terminal velocity, projectile trajectory, etc. 

Consists of many points that act as joints for it to move / change shape / have each joint be able to
act on its own with the physics library so it can experiment with potential shapes to change into and ways
to move joints. 

There is NO set list of shapes to become; it has to be able to design its own shapes and change into them
by itself. 

Certain "power ups" exist in order for it to change material to become heavy or what not but it has to create
its shapes on its own. Changing to a heavy material is not enough; it must know how to act in accordance
with the new material and its knowledge of possible shapes in order to effectively traverse the obstacles. 

The evolutionary artificial neural network (EANN) and genetic algorithm (GA) both need to have access to
ALL the joints in the blob. The genetic algorithm will need to have access to the current environment for
testing. 

After completing every couple of obstacles there are "checkpoints" that save the new spawn point for use
when the blob fails to reach an obstacle. 
